Gaynay Doo
904 Shaw St, Utica, NY 13502
(315) 734-5648 - gadoo@utica.edu
www.linkedin.com/in/gaynay-doo

Professional Summary
Gaynay is an eager, young, and ambitious individual, looking to expand his knowledge in software development. He strives to help
humankind to go to the next level when it comes to our knowledge in technology. His biggest passion is to create comfort within
the struggles of today’s problems.
Education
Utica College, Utica, NY Anticipated Graduation: May 2025
Bachelor of Science, Computer Science
Concentration: Computer Security
Current Projects and Goals in Progress
● Currently Learning New Programming Languages
○ C++, Python, HTML, CSS, Javascript
● Automating Physical Examination Task
○ Increased productivity through automating menial tasks.

Work Experience
Five Below, New York, United States of America October 2019- March
2021
Sales Associate and Support Lead
● Support leads are in charge of supervising a customer support team. They do customer support to resolve complaints,
answer questions, and develop programs for improving team performance and driving organizational goals.
○ Responsible for opening and closing the store.
○ Handling large sums of money
○ Support Manager with any menial task given to by manager.

Turning Stone Casino/Resort, New York, United States of America February 2022-August
2022
Bingo Service Representative
● Bingo Service Representative is a team member of the Bingo Department and fulfills three key roles; Floor Sales,
Cashier and maintaining Inventory room.
○ Each role has the responsibility of creating a fun and entertaining environment for all guests.
○ Possesses strong money handling skills in selling paper and paying off winners. Knowledge of
documentation required in transactions.
○ Knowledge of department policies and procedures including those pertaining to Federal and Regulatory
laws and guidelines.
○ Exercises appropriate discretion in identifying situations that require management attention.

Utica University, New York, United States of America August 2021-August
2022
Young Scholar’s Liberty Partnership Program TA and Tutor
● Given the opportunity to build rapport and trust to kids 8th-12th grade while providing them with educational and
mental support.
○ Assisted with exams preparation and study tactics to ensure maximum understanding.
○ Comprehensively provided peer and one-on-one tutoring sessions to peers in mathematics and science related
courses
● Adapt teaching methods and instructional materials to meet students&#39; varying needs, abilities, and interests.
○ Consistently kept track of student clients&#39; academic progress throughout the years.
○ Progress Reports and Check-Ins
Affiliation, Organization, &amp; Activities
Young Scholar Liberty Partnership Program
● Young Scholar LLP Alumni
○ Health Internship, Aided the program with giving 11th-12th grade students the opportunity to explore the medical
field in a two week period at Utica College.
● STEAM Summer Program
○ Helped me explore various different career choices and education.
Model United Nation
Through public speaking, critical thinking, and in-depth research, the Model UN experience allows students to cultivate
skills and enrich their global affairs knowledge
● WebMaster
● Responsible for advertisement of club events.
